README.md, before:

# Awesome Data Integrity [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

Useful resources for data integrity.

## Table of Contents

* [Projects](#projects)
* [Related Topics](#relatedtechnology)
  - [Decentralized Storage](#decentralizedstorage)
  - [Distributed Ledger Technology](#distributedledgertechnology)
* [Specifications](#specifications)
* [Algorithms](#Algorithms)


## Projects

* [News Provenance Project](https://www.newsprovenanceproject.com/) - Diminishing the spread of misinformation by empowering readers to make more informed, confident judgments about the news they see online. 

* [Verification of Integrity and Consistency for Cloud Objects Storage (VICOS)](https://github.com/ibm-research/vicos)
VICOS is a system for verification of integrity and consistency of cloud object storage.

* [Cryption](https://github.com/lagmoellertim/cryption) -
In-Browser AES File Encryption with Data Integrity Check

* [GODI](https://github.com/Byron/godi) - 
Command-line tool to generate seal files from directory tree using SEAL, COPY, VERIFY approach

## Related Topics

### Decentralized Storage

* [Interplantary File System (IPFS)](https://ipfs.io/#why) - Decentralized Storage Solution

* [FileCoin](https://filecoin.io/) - Storage network with the power of built-in incentives

  * [Textile.io](https://textile.io/) - set of open source tools for IPFS and FileCoin

    * [PowerGate](https://github.com/textileio/powergate) - Multitiered file storage API built on Filecoin and IPFS

  * [Lotus](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus) - FileCoin implementation

### Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT)

* [IOTA](https://www.iota.org/) - An Open, Feeless Data And Value Transfer Protocol

  * [IOTA](https://github.com/iotaledger) - IOTA is a distributed ledger based on the Tangle. It allows for feeless value transfers and data integrity proofs.


## Specifications

* [Content Authenticity Initiative](https://contentauthenticity.org/approach) - Creating an industry standard for digital content attribution.

* [Extensible Metadata Platform](https://www.adobe.com/products/xmp/standards.html) - Long established metadata standard for describing content upon its creation (ISO 16684-1)

## Algorithms

* [Content IDentifer](https://github.com/multiformats/cid)

* [IOTA Transaction - Tryte](https://domschiener.gitbooks.io/iota-guide/content/chapter1/transactions-and-bundles.html)

Commit message:

add Contribute to list section

README.md, after:

# Awesome Data Integrity [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

Useful resources for data integrity.

## Table of Contents

* [Projects](#projects)
* [Related Topics](#relatedtechnology)
  - [Decentralized Storage](#decentralizedstorage)
  - [Distributed Ledger Technology](#distributedledgertechnology)
* [Specifications](#specifications)
* [Algorithms](#Algorithms)

## Contributing to the list!

We welcome anyone to submit their new awesome-data-integrity content, but it will be accepted only if it meets our [content policy](https://github.com/numbersprotocol/awesome-data-integrity/blob/feature-update/POLICY.md).

Please modify README in newly created feature-branch and submit pull request for review. Read [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/numbersprotocol/awesome-data-integrity/blob/feature-update/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to do so.


## Projects

* [News Provenance Project](https://www.newsprovenanceproject.com/) - Diminishing the spread of misinformation by empowering readers to make more informed, confident judgments about the news they see online. 

* [Verification of Integrity and Consistency for Cloud Objects Storage (VICOS)](https://github.com/ibm-research/vicos)
VICOS is a system for verification of integrity and consistency of cloud object storage.

* [Cryption](https://github.com/lagmoellertim/cryption) -
In-Browser AES File Encryption with Data Integrity Check

* [GODI](https://github.com/Byron/godi) - 
Command-line tool to generate seal files from directory tree using SEAL, COPY, VERIFY approach

## Related Topics

### Decentralized Storage

* [Interplantary File System (IPFS)](https://ipfs.io/#why) - Decentralized Storage Solution

* [FileCoin](https://filecoin.io/) - Storage network with the power of built-in incentives

  * [Textile.io](https://textile.io/) - set of open source tools for IPFS and FileCoin

    * [PowerGate](https://github.com/textileio/powergate) - Multitiered file storage API built on Filecoin and IPFS

  * [Lotus](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus) - FileCoin implementation

### Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT)

* [IOTA](https://www.iota.org/) - An Open, Feeless Data And Value Transfer Protocol

  * [IOTA](https://github.com/iotaledger) - IOTA is a distributed ledger based on the Tangle. It allows for feeless value transfers and data integrity proofs.


## Specifications

* [Content Authenticity Initiative](https://contentauthenticity.org/approach) - Creating an industry standard for digital content attribution.

* [Extensible Metadata Platform](https://www.adobe.com/products/xmp/standards.html) - Long established metadata standard for describing content upon its creation (ISO 16684-1)

## Algorithms

* [Content IDentifer](https://github.com/multiformats/cid)

* [IOTA Transaction - Tryte](https://domschiener.gitbooks.io/iota-guide/content/chapter1/transactions-and-bundles.html)
